okay so let's talk about last night's
dinner first which was green curry cod
with bell pepper roasted bok choy
cashews and coconut that was a 10 for me
it was a nine for me it was delicious
and not something I would have ever
picked out of a recipe book to make ever
agreed and I am so glad I made it I'm
gonna try and recreate it I don't know
if I can it was really good it was so
good this is a green chef box which
means their thing is all organic this
particular box we got is Quito all Quito
which basically means very very little
carbs and mostly Whole Foods so nice
dinner is taken eggs are you get my shot
of it are you keeping okay there's uh so
we got steak and eggs and then there's a
Brussels sprout onion cauliflower hash
thing with a smoky tomato sauce on top
doesn't you been digging in how is it I
think the mistake is a sirloin so it's a
different cut than the hello freshman
box so steak is good mm-hmm okay if you
had a fight of the egg and stake in the
sauce all the time that is quite
delicious I should be able to recreate
this was pretty easy actually
mmm and because there's so few carbs in
it
you can have some cinnamon right
afterwards hmm you guys didn't think we
were actually eating keto did you we're
not waitwait faster than I did
fullness factor on this one's probably
at nine no oh yeah I'm give it a nine
and don't worry I'm gonna eat my
cinnamon bread taste on this one look at
this 109 I don't know if it was as good
as last night I don't think it's as good
as last night that's why I gave last
night of 10
I'm so impressed with lessons and I was
scared about that one I was like Oh
green curry
I don't know prove me wrong
is that food or a cut oh really that's
cut well this was good was the first
time you finished it for me it was
really good yeah
I really like that egg I was surprised
that I would like I thought the egg was
kind of a weird addition it's really
it's taken eggs that's a normal
breakfast yeah but eggs and just well I
guess eggs and veggies is an omelet but
like it was like steak nice veggie side
and then just like an egg it was like
hey we need to make this keto so let's
do it
it kind of felt like an afterthought but
it actually didn't taste bad it was it
was good I thought it was a nice
addition to the plate it definitely gave
it a richness that you wouldn't miss if
you like with just veggies you'd be like
I need something some factor let me help
you know I'd say this box is 2 for 2 so
far two for two mm-hmm yeah I can't tell
you guys last night's was good okay last
dinners coming up next of course on my
white dress you turn to either there
where it I had the apron on the whole
time until I sat down and bring the
camera I should have known better trying
to look nice for all the people dang it
really great sweet this
okay so dressing for this yeah okay I
[Music]
could take most all pails of that one
Wow that's to me that's the big moment
didn't get rid of the seeds
oh my gosh
I appreciate it but I know when the tale
tell you when my limits are and there is
I agree I took a small one in DAP that
was like tenting spicier than this
chillin we had last night oh yeah
the chicken is quite good yeah I like
the chicken would you like about the
chicken I like that wait a bit as soon
as I took that first bite it like hit my
tastebuds so hot it comes immediately
I'm afraid touch my eyes no no Haley
typically kids your age don't get dishes
with very rich strong flavors like this
yeah
other than the hall pea being too hot
what do you think of the salad with the
dressing yeah it's definitely a strong
flavor not normally have cuz like I
normally have just like chef's salad
with some normal dressing for this yeah
so I'm not used to it so it was like
first class like this is a fancy meal
minimum bells on fire I grew up in the
desert Southwest with very good Sonoran
Mexican food with lots of spice and I
like hot food spicy food and I can eat
stuffed jalapenos most the time so I
like hot food but I'm telling you with
those jalapenos on top of the spicy
dressing did you have to be somebody who
like is hardcore you like the average
person would not like this meal yeah and
I'll jump in here just to back that
because my whole family can have
tolerate some heat most and he is a
really high heat tolerance so for this
to be too spicy for him those really
saying something I'd say seven
if it was without all the spice like if
it was with alcohol I knew as I give it
an eight speed of preparation I give it
a 10 this is wicked fast to put together
really mm-hmm but hopefully I'm gonna be
I'm gonna say I saw the pheromone
chicken to cut through here but probably
a date or a million the whole box
altogether I probably give it eight I
mean it was it was good better than some
of the other boxes we've had probably
one of the better boxes we've had so I'd
probably say maybe a nine
all three bought all three meals
together probably rates in tonight for
me this one's up there with that home
chef box with the best potatoes I've
ever had in my life yeah that was good I
think that's one of the best things
about our videos it's not one of our box
videos a sponsored by me so these are
all 100% our honest opinion this green
stuff box was actually really really
good had them really like dynamic
flavors like surprising like kind of
treat like this is not the stuff that we
eat every day but made it was like just
brought my taste buds alive
this was the keto box from Green Chef no
I'm pretty impressed not the reading
Tito or anything we're just eating I'll
give you ten dollars to eat this all by
itself you'll totally do it
do you have ten dollars I'll give you
five to wait ten seconds ten seconds
after swallowing boom yes swallow yeah -
every two into it no swallow and open
mouth okay
right here click over here if you want
to see videos on something else we did
click videos over here if you want to
see videos something else my wife did
amazingly awesome I'll see you guys next
time